Q: Hey!  Why don't you implement cool tokenizer trick X?  I think it
   would really foil those spammers!
A: Have you run your tokenizer trick against a set of messages to see if
   it actually works?  Many times what seems like a good idea turns out
   not to help much, and sometimes even hurts.  If you have a good idea,
   you've run it against a batch of messages and can prove that it
   helps, paste the code for your technique and the proof to the mailing
   list.  If you're not a coder, but are really keen on your idea, post
   a feature request on the project page, and wait for someone else to
   code it for you (but make sure you do some testing when it's done).
   Otherwise, you will likely get a message from Tim Peters about
   why you need to test your idea :)

Q: This software is great!  I want to implement it for all my users.
   Are there plans to develop a server-side spambayes solution?
A: The problem with a server-side solution is that everyone has a
   different idea of what is spam - that's the whole strength of the
   bayesian-style filtering concept.  If you are certain that *all*
   of your users would agree on what is spam and what is not, then
   this might work for you, but otherwise you really have to have
   individual databases for each user.  Either way, you should be
   able to modify spambayes easily enough to fit into your setup.
   Please let the list know if you do have success in this area, and
   we'll update this answer.

Q: I just got a spam, but the system said it was "unsure". Why
   couldn't it tell that it was spam - it's obvious?
A: It may be obvious to you, but the classifier only works on
   the information it has been given. Maybe this is "new" (you've
   never seen this particular flavour of spam before), or maybe
   there aren't enough clues in the message which the system is
   aware of as strong spam clues.

Q: OK, I trained on that message. But I just got *another* one,
   and the stupid system still thinks it's unsure. Why did it
   ignore me???
A: It didn't, but you may need to train on a few more of this type
   of message to get it classified as "spam". The classification
   algorithm weights its results based on the number of times it
   has seen a particular clue, so that clues unique to this type
   of message may need a few more instances to become "convincing".

Q: I've mucked up my training and I want to start all over again,
   but there isn't an option for this anywhere.  What do I do?
A: Because training from scratch is a very rare occurance, and because
   deleting all your training information is something you don't want
   to do by accident, there isn't an option for this.  However, you
   can quite simply do this manually.  All the training data is stored
   in a file, usually called hammie.db, and if you delete (or rename)
   this, then you will start training from scratch.  If you are using
   the web interface for the POP3 proxy, the configuration page tells
   you what this file is called (and where it is) down towards the
   bottom of the page.

Q: I can't use a web browser, so I can't configure pop3proxy/imapfilter.
   Also: how do I configure hammiefilter and the other applications that
   don't have a user interface?
A: You need to create a configuration file.  This is in the 'standard'
   ini file format (originally created for Windows 3.1, I believe).  You
   can find documentation on this format in the Python ConfigParser doc,
   <http://www.python.org/doc/current/lib/module-ConfigParser.html>, but
   basically, it's just a text file: lines beginning with # are comments,
   sections start with a line like "[Section Name]", and options are set
   out within the appropriate section with lines like "opt = val" or
   "opt: val" (either is ok).  Whitespace other than line endings is for
   the most part ignored, so you can make it look like whatever you like.
   You can see a list of what a configuration file of all the defaults
   would like like if you execute the following Python commands:
      >>> from spambayes.Options import options
      >>> print options.display()

Q: That's great, now I know what the format looks like, but what options
   do I need to set?
A: This depends on exactly what you want to do, and which application you
   are intending to use.  The easiest thing is to execute the following
   Python commands:
      >>> from spambayes.Options import options
      >>> print options.display_full()
   This will print out a complete list of the options, including a
   description of the option, and its default value.  You can also look up
   a single section, if you know its name:
      >>> print options.display_full("section_name")
   Or just a single option:
      >>> print options.display_full("section_name", "option_name")
   If you want a list of all the sections, you can use this command:
      >>> print options.sections()
   If you want a list of all the options, you can use this command:
      >>> print options.options(prepend_section_name=False)

Q: I've made a configuration file, but spambayes is ignoring it. Now what?
A: Spambayes looks for your configuration file in three places - if it
   can't find it, then, obviously, your options will not be loaded.  The
   first place that Spambayes checks is the environment variable
   BAYESCUSTOMIZE.  You can set this to the path of your configuration file,
   wherever it is, and it will be loaded.  You can also specify more than
   one file, separated by the appropriate path separator for your platform.
   This is the recommended method of specifying the location of the file,
   unless you do so via a user interface (as provided by the POP3 proxy,
   the Outlook plugin, and the IMAP filter). If Spambayes doesn't find
   anything in the BAYESCUSTOMIZE variable, then it checks the current
   working directory and your home directory for a bayescustomize.ini or
   .spambayesrc file (respectively).
